profile/README.md, before:

A credible, efficient and transparent platform for buying and selling carbon offsets at scale is essential to meeting the world’s climate goals. That’s why we started [Tolam Earth](https://tolam.io/): The trusted marketplace for high-quality, high-impact carbon offsets.

Most corporations cannot reduce their [Scope 1, 2, and 3](https://www.epa.gov/climateleadership/scope-1-and-scope-2-inventory-guidance) emissions to zero today. In hard-to-abate industries, such as oil and gas or construction, this is even more difficult. The solution is here — in a future built on trust. 

The goal of Tolam is to ensure maximum return to carbon project developers — and optimal supply and fair market pricing to offset buyers. 

Tolam is a digital marketplace to identify, price, buy, and sell carbon offsets. We are API first to accelerate integrations that simplify this complex problem space. All data in the ecosystem is transparent, digitally sourced, and auditable. Tolam leverages the Hedera Hashgraph, the most used enterprise-grade public network, for corporations to quantify and report the impact of their sustainability investments.

With the price discovery and auto-purchasing mechanisms provided by the “Tolam Automated Regression Market Maker” — or ARMM — we drive optimal liquidity and pricing to all market participants. Our ARMM has machine learning capabilities that know which attributes should be used to pool digital environmental assets and further recommends a price for the assets. This technology simplifies the learning required for corporations to make large, secure purchase decisions in order to meet carbon reduction, neutrality, or net zero goals.

Tolam encourages engagement from the developer community so that we can realize this vision and bring sustainability leaders and project developers into the future, together. If you wish to contribute to the development of Tolam, please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

To explore an early demo of the marketplace and ARMM, see the instructions at https://github.com/Tolam-Earth/tolam-demo

Please visit our website [Tolam.io](https://tolam.io/) for the [Privacy Policy](https://tolam.io/privacy/), [Terms](https://tolam.io/terms/), and [Community Guidelines](https://tolam.io/communityguidelines/).

Commit message:

Add contributors and link from readme

profile/README.md, after:

A credible, efficient and transparent platform for buying and selling carbon offsets at scale is essential to meeting the world’s climate goals. That’s why we started [Tolam Earth](https://tolam.io/): The trusted marketplace for high-quality, high-impact carbon offsets.

Most corporations cannot reduce their [Scope 1, 2, and 3](https://www.epa.gov/climateleadership/scope-1-and-scope-2-inventory-guidance) emissions to zero today. In hard-to-abate industries, such as oil and gas or construction, this is even more difficult. The solution is here — in a future built on trust. 

The goal of Tolam is to ensure maximum return to carbon project developers — and optimal supply and fair market pricing to offset buyers. 

Tolam is a digital marketplace to identify, price, buy, and sell carbon offsets. We are API first to accelerate integrations that simplify this complex problem space. All data in the ecosystem is transparent, digitally sourced, and auditable. Tolam leverages the Hedera Hashgraph, the most used enterprise-grade public network, for corporations to quantify and report the impact of their sustainability investments.

With the price discovery and auto-purchasing mechanisms provided by the “Tolam Automated Regression Market Maker” — or ARMM — we drive optimal liquidity and pricing to all market participants. Our ARMM has machine learning capabilities that know which attributes should be used to pool digital environmental assets and further recommends a price for the assets. This technology simplifies the learning required for corporations to make large, secure purchase decisions in order to meet carbon reduction, neutrality, or net zero goals.

Tolam encourages engagement from the developer community so that we can realize this vision and bring sustainability leaders and project developers into the future, together. If you wish to contribute to the development of Tolam, please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

To explore an early demo of the marketplace and ARMM, see the instructions at https://github.com/Tolam-Earth/tolam-demo

Contributors to the demo are listed in the [contributors.md](contributors.md) file.

Please visit our website [Tolam.io](https://tolam.io/) for the [Privacy Policy](https://tolam.io/privacy/), [Terms](https://tolam.io/terms/), and [Community Guidelines](https://tolam.io/communityguidelines/).
